Map Title :  Chambers Of Thoth

Author    :  Tony Collins aka Walrus(ShaMaN)
             psykowalrus@eidosnet.co.uk
Release
Date      :  20 July 2000
	     



Files     :  Don't forget to paste the WarGate.umx file into your UT/Music
             folder.

Game Type :  DOMination !  You know it makes sense.  I have also released a DM version
             for the less DOMinating players ;)


NOTE :       The bots have a few defense points and translocator spots which they will
             make good use of.  Of course if you don't play DOM or Team DM you'll never
             realise this :)
	     
             
Description :  The Ancient Egyptians had some very way-out gods and some equally way-out 
               technology for their time.  Detailed investigations of the Egyptian mythos
               have unearthed links with the Nali race.  As the combined Human and Nali
               forces rolled back the Skaarj occupation of Na Pali more and more relics and
               ancient sites were discovered - one of them being the Chambers of Thoth.
               It seems Thoth would summon mortals from Ancient Egypt to do battle for His
               pleasure in these chambers........His favourite form of event being the
               battle to capture and hold parts of the site.  A more cerebral form of
               entertainment than mindless Free-For-Alls.
                
               
Ideal Loads :  2 teams of 6-8 or 3 teams of 4-7.  Hell why not go for it and drop in
               4 teams of 4 ??
               Team DM loads are almost the same, FFA Deathmatches work best with 8-14
               players, more than 14 if you want to really up the Gibbage factor.

Shouts !       All my superb colleagues in the ShaMaN UT Clan, Shadrach and DeadDred - this
               one should keep you happy :).  
               GetteW at TCP, Clawfist and the regs in the UKUTCL ladder.
               And lastly all the DOMination lovers out there !


Legal Stuff :  This map may be distributed freely on UT internet fan sites, but my consent
               must be obtained for distribution by other means such as on CD.
