Map Title :  ShaMaN Clan Facility

Author    :  Walrus(ShaMaN) aka Tony Collins
             psykowalrus@eidosnet.co.uk
Release
Date      :  20 February 2000




Game Type :  Deathmatch, Domination and Team deathmatch.
	     You can make a copy of this map and rename it DOM-ShaMaNBase.unr
             to play it in DOM mode if you don't want to download the
             DOM zip file !
	     
             
Description :  This is a very large map, with an outdoor complex and
	       an extensive underground network of rooms and natural
               chambers.  Weapons and goodies are distributed evenly
               across the entire map, with certain weapons placed in
               areas suited to their use.  The map is ideal for team 
               play (at least 4 a side) as there are many opportunities
               to hold particular areas and rooms.
	       The idea behind this level is to give me and ShaMaN clan
               buddies somewhere to hang around and practice in : there are 4 
	       distinct sectors to the map - the outdoor area, the 
               power station, the central hub and the Cauldron.  If you 
               are hosting an online game just message your fellow players
               that all the action is happening in one particular sector
               if you don't want to be roaming all over the facility.
               
Ideal Loads :  Free for all DM = 6 to 12
	       Team DM         = 4 to 8 per side
               Domination      = 3 teams of 4, or 2 teams of 4-8
               
               
Shouts !       All my superb colleagues in the ShaMaN UT Clan. This one
               is for you guys and girl so enjoy it !
               Also a shout to YOU for trying this map out - mail me 
               some feedback please !

Legal Crap  :  Don't be a sad git and pirate this map to make your own 
               levels unless I've given you permission to do so :-)
 	       Also, this map is NOT to be distributed on any media 
	       (CD's. floppies, etc etc) except from UT site file archives
               without my express permission.  Thanks.