Map Title :  Chemical Complex

Author    :  Tony Collins aka Walrus(ShaMaN)
             psykowalrus@eidosnet.co.uk
Release
Date      :  10 July 2000
	     Serious Walrus watchers will note that this is a total
             reworking of my Unreal 1 map DM-Phuture released in July 1999.

A Dedication :  My original Unreal map this is based on was heavily tested by 
                Mealeam(HR) back in 1999.  Unfortunately he's no longer on this mortal
                coil.........this one is for him !


Game Type :  Deathmatch and team DM. A DOM version of this map is also available.
	     
             
Description :  Acknowledged as a classic piece of map design in it's original
               incarnation, the original Water Treatment concept has really benefitted
               from the "industrial" UT textures.  There are many ways to frag in here,
               with flat plazas, cramped indoor areas, ramps, ledges and rooftops.
               The bots run the map very well, using all the lifts and making use of
               some of the sniping locations.  They also know where all of the out-of-the
               way goodies are located, including the shieldbelt, the hidden armour vest 
               and both of the Redeemers.  They won't get the amp unless translocators 
               are in use.  
               
Ideal Loads :  Depends on your style of play.  8 players is about the minimum for a 
               decent pace while leaving plenty of room for tactics and a spot of camping.
               I've tested it with 16 bots and that's guaranteed to get your pulse racing !
               Team players (and PLEASE play this in team DM) will be happy with 4 - 6 per
               side - and why limit yourself to 2 teams ?  
               DOM play is best with 2 teams of 5-8 or 3 teams of 5 players.

Shouts !       All my superb colleagues in the ShaMaN UT Clan. 
               GetteW at TCP, Clawfist and the regs in the UKUTCL ladder.


Legal Stuff :  This map may be distributed freely on UT internet fan sites, but my consent
               must be obtained for distribution by other means such as on CD.
