   
  
 
  News  Submissions  Prefabs  Levels  Staff  Links 
  
 
 
 

 
 
   

 Main 
News 
Submissions 
Prefabs 
Staff 
Levels 
Links 
 
Editing 
Main Page 
Tutorials 
Ued Errors 
Files 
Shortcut Keys 
#unrealed 
Reference 
Edit Master 
 
Scripting 
Main Page 
Tutorials 
Online Classes 
Reference 
Code Master 
 
Modelling 
Main Page 
Tutorials 
Reference 
Model Master 
 
Skinning 
Skinning Guide 
 
Prefabs 
Brushes 
Textures 
 
Hosted Sites 
Heph's Music 
3D Model Emporium 
Millennium 
VerMoorD 
Rage TC 
Hosting Info 
 
Network Sites 
Unrealnation 
S.U.M.E. 
Honor Guards 
World of Dreams 
 
Your Unrealed.net 
If you have a Tutorial, Tip, Hint or whatever! then feel free to send it down, and we will be happy to post it on the site. 
 
 
   
 
    
   
   
 

 
 

 
   
 Colored Lighting

By: Millennium 2002

Millennium 2002

Dated: 13/8/98 

Download: Download Map - 7K

Click here for a printable version of this Tutorial.

Forward:
I wanted to show everyone how EASY it is to have wonderful colored lighting in a level, and the best way t do that is to post a tutorial. 

Abstract:
Colored Lights are simple, but you have to know how to do them first, so here goes. 

Assumptions:
The only assumption I make here is that you can follow instructions... hehehe :) 

Tutorial:
Introduction:
Okay you have wonderful lights all through your level, but to add that little extra, why not make them all different colors as needed? 

Placing the light:
I won't go into detail here, as you should already know how to place a light, but if you have somehow missed it, then all you have to do it right click where you want it (in the 3D veiw) and select "add light here" from the drop down menu. 

Setting the Color:
Once you have added the light where you want it to go, all we have to do is set the color. Once the light has been placed, select it and bring up the advanced properties. Then bring up the "lightColor" tab. Here you will find three setting. The first will determine how much light the light actually produces. The second is what color the light will actually make. The third sets how much saturation is in the color (how affected the area around it is...) 


Option One - The Lightbrightness:
This one is pretty straight foward. The more brightness your light has, The brighter it will show up and brighten the area around it. 

Option Two - The Light Hue:
Light hue means the color of light generated by the light. This is where the actual color setting is selected. It is as easy as entering a number for the color you want. Unfortunatley, when making a map in the editor, there is no way to find out what color is selected by a particual number. (Well not really anyway). I have added a few colors and their numbers, to make life easier.
Red = 0
Yellow = 23
Green = 64
Blue = 128
Purple = 192
Red = 255
The numbers are actually representing a color wheel (remember those things you made in primary school?), so as you get close to the end (255), you will notice the colors start to go redish - until you get to 255 where the next color is zero again. 

Option Three - LightSaturation:
Light Saturation basically means how the textures around it will be effected by the light color. The defualt setting is 255 - Which means the textures around it will reflect ALL the possible colors generated by the light, but to have nice colored lighting, a setting about halfway down the bar (127 - if you want a number) will allow you to generate any color that you like. 

Rebuild!!!:
When changing any light setting make SURE you do a complete rebuild (include the "auto BSP" tab with the "Auto Lighting" tab as well) otherwise you will run into problems. 
 
  
   
 

 

 
  
 
  
 
 







Site Design | Coding | Graphics by | Millennium 2002 | 
Unreal and UnrealED are Copyright Epic Megagames 1998
