Sgt. Hartman voicepack for UT99, from Full Metal Jacket

By John DiFool, with a debt acknowledged to Skull Taker

[ john.difool@earthlink.net ]

Date: 9-16-2004

Build time: 10 hours or so (most of that tweaking)

4 Acks
8 Friendly Fires
32 Taunts, inc. 21 mature taunts
All Orders and Others used too

Installation:

The .int and .u files go into your UT/system folder, while
the readme can be placed in the /help folder.

Notes:

***WARNING >>VERY<< SALTY LANGUAGE-NOT FOR YOUNG EARS!***
 
This is one of the most favorite movies of a buddy of mine.  We 
have had the Skull Taker version for quite awhile, but it only had 
17 taunts, and nothing else (acks, FFs, orders, etc.).  So one day
I DLed Rainecloud's tutorial, popped in the DVD, and started
recording.  I was originally going to just use this for my own
use: I was unable to contact Skull Taker (his web site appears
to have been co-opted by porno cybersquatters), but my buddy urged
me to make it public anyway, and acknowledge ST's original
effort.  80% of it is new anyway...

As it turned out, I was able to maximize the taunts to 32,
many of which are even more hilarious than the originals.
In addition, I managed to find decent-to-perfect matches for
all acks, FFs, orders, and other messages.  Believe it or not,
11 of the taunts AREN'T mature taunts (but even then many of
these milder ones are just as funny).  My favorites are listed
at the bottom.  In any event I hope you enjoy this as much
as I did making it.

The only problem you might run into is those accursed drums
you will hear on some of the clips-I toned down the bass settings 
as much as I could, but some of the clips in question were too 
good to leave out.

      John DiFool
 
P.S. For servers, make sure you add this line in your
unrealtournament.cfg file:

ServerPackages=Sarge

Recommended skin:

Male Commando/Mercenary/Boris





















[Spoilers!!]


Ack:

"Bullshit I can't hear you-sound off like you've got a pair!"

FF:

"You did that on purpose!"
"What is your major malfunction numbnuts?!"
"What do we got here, a fucking comedian..."

Defend order:

"If it wasn't for dickheads like you, there wouldn't be
any thievery in this world!"

Other [When waiting for own flag to be returned:]

"Got the blue ball scratch and the seven-year itch..."

Taunts:

"Were you born a fat slimy Scumbag, or did you have to work on it?"

"What's your excuse?"

"The best part of you ran down the crack of your mama's ass and ended 
 up as a brown stain on the mattress!"

"You are nothing but unorganized grab-asstic pieces of amphibian shit!"
 [I read this to mean "gibs"]
  

 