Title        : DOM-Cruising (Just Cruising)
Filename     : DOM-Crusing.unr
Release Date : 30th Match 2001
Author       : Darren "EntropicLiquid" Latham
E-Mail       : darren@lathamit.co.uk
Web Page     : http://www.lathamit.co.uk/snout/

Description  : A small to medium sized Domination level set between two boats.  The
               helicopter is there more for decoration than anything else ;-).  In this map
               I have attempted to correct what I see as the flaws in most Domination maps
               which is this - they play too much like DM levels.  Two out of the three
               control points are emminently defendable which will almost certainly prevent
               a relay race around the control points.
               The map is small enough for a 1 v 1 game, but plays best with between 4 and 6
               players although the map will take 8 players without difficulty.

Credits      : The SNOUT clan who play-tested it for me, plus anyone else I've forgotten
               about.  I'd also like to thank my kiddies for going to bed at a reasonable
               time (at long last) allowing me to build the map in the first place.  It has
               been great to have some evenings at long last.

* Play Information *
--------------------
Domination       : Yes - This is what the map was designed for
Capture the Flag : It has a couple of flag bases in, but no team starts etc.  It makes for
                   an incredibly tough CTF level.
Deathmatch       : If you really want.  A very tough level I would suggest, not sure how
                   it would play though.
Assault          : No
New Sounds       : No
New Graphics     : No
Player Load      : 2-8 (4-6 Reccomended - The map also has 16 player starts for the very
                   brave)

* Construction *
Base             : New Level
Editor(s) used   : UnrealEd (version 2)
Build time       : 2 weeks to get the bulk of the level built and then a further two-three
                   weeks once I decided to enlarge the boats and redesign the interiors
                   of the boats.

* Other maps made by me *
-------------------------
None at all - This is my first map.

* Notes from the author *
-------------------------
I learnt an awful lot about the editor while making this map.  Probably the two most
important things I learnt were these:

1. Semi-Solids play havoc with collisions and give rise to loads of HOM effects.  Non-Solids
   are much more reliable.
2. Jumps pads are great fun but trying to get the bots to navigate them properly is a real
   pain - and I'm still not sure how I managed it.

Overall I'm pretty pleased with the level.  It plays well in a manner that I find pleasing.
It's also the first map where I've been able to hold to the original concept without
getting bored or side tracked on to something else.

* Copyrights/Persmissions/Legal Stuff *
---------------------------------------
Authors may NOT use this level as a base to build other levels without the author's
permission.
This map is intended to be distributed over the Internet/BBS's.
You are not allowed to sell this map without prior written consent by the author.
This text file MUST be also distributed with the unr file.
