DOM-MJKLandguardFort for Unreal Tournament
by Mike Kennelly
-----------------------------------------

Map Name    : DOM-MJKLandguardFort
Type        : Domination
Released    : April 2000
Editor	    : UnrealEd
Build time  : More than I'd like to admit
Base        : Entirely original
Author      : Mike Kennelly
Email       : mike.kennelly@btinternet.com
WWW         : http://www.mike.kennelly.btinternet.co.uk/lguard/index.htm

Recommended players/bots  : 8 (2 teams of 4)
Number of Start Spots 	  : 10 or so
Bot Pathnodes             : yes
Number of Brushes/Polys   : approx. 1000/10000

Instructions
------------

Put DOM-MJKLandguardFort.unr in UnrealTournament\Maps
Put MJKlandguard.utx and MJKlandgDecals.utx in UnrealTournament\Textures

Map info
--------

   See:

      http://www.mike.kennelly.btinternet.co.uk/lguard/index.htm

   to see screenshots, and to read about the features incorporated in this
   level.


   A Domination level for Unreal Tournament based on Landguard Fort in
   Felixstowe, Suffolk (UK).

   There has been a fort of some kind on Landguard Common since 1540.
   Over the years it has evolved considerably as various military threats
   have come and gone. It could almost have been purpose built
   to become an Unreal level one day...

   I've modelled the fort as accurately as I'm able from drawings,
   photographs and video footage. The custom textures were derived from
   video stills, using a Rombo video frame grabber attached to an Amiga
   1200.

   The level is unashamedly large, you may experience slow frame rates
   in some areas, but I hope you will forgive this in view of the fairly
   ambitious scale of the architecture. I have to admit, I got a bit
   carried away.

   I developed the map on a Gateway G6-350 with 64Mb RAM and a 4Mb STB
   Velocity 128 Gfx card.

   Bot paths are included.

   Also, you can collect a translator from the room on your left on your
   way into the main entrance of the fort, and enjoy a "guided tour".

   If you try this level, I'd really appreciate feedback (good or bad) to
   the e-mail address above, so that I can make my next level a better one.


Known Problems
--------------

   Too big, I know!!

   There are some areas where the design isn't quite right, due to:
    - areas of the real fort not being accessible
    - limited photographic records of some features
    - a need to preserve playability at the expense of accuracy
    - mistakes!

The REAL Landguard Fort
-----------------------

   See the real thing! Visit the Landguard Fort web site at:

      http://www.landguard.com


Copyright / Permissions
-----------------------

This level design and its associated custom textures are copyrighted by
Mike Kennelly 2000.

You may use this level, and its associated texture files, for your own
personal non-commercial use. 

Authors may NOT use this level as a base to build additional levels.

You are NOT allowed to commercially exploit this level, i.e. put it on a
CD or any other electronic medium that is sold for money without my
explicit permission!

Unreal, original game textures, and all other content copyright 1998,
Epic Megagames/Digital Extremes

Web distribution:

Administrators of Unreal-related (or other game-related) web sites
(especially Nali City - respect due!) may freely copy and re-distribute
this level through any electronic network (internet,
BBS etc.), provided:

 - No charge is made for this service
 - you include this file and leave the .unr file intact
 - No changes are made without seeking my permission
 - I am credited with authorship
 - If you want to include this material on any physical distribution media,
   please seek my permission first.

PC GAMER CD:

I warrant that the level named DOM-MJKLandguardFort was designed by myself
alone. I warrant that the level includes no copyrighted materials belonging
to any other person or company. I give my permission for PC GAMER and its
licensees to include the level DOM-MJKLandguardFort on its cover CD/DVD
and on any future editions.

Credits and Acknowledgements
----------------------------

Thanks to Nali City and all its contributors for inspiration.

I must give credit to the excellent historical account of Landguard Fort,
Felixstowe by D.A. Wood, without which all this would have been a lot
harder to achieve. (Apologies for the various minor inaccuracies and
omissions in certain areas of my reconstruction.)

Thanks also to the English Heritage, Landguard Trust, and the 
Felixstowe Museum and Historical Society for giving the fort
the recognition it deserves as an ancient monument, and to all those
working on its restoration.

Oh, and of course thanks to GT Interactive for the excellent Unreal game,
Unreal Tournament, and the Unreal Editor.

And if you're looking for more Unreal levels, be sure to visit
Nali City. Awesome.


