CTF Plus Game Type Mod for Unreal Tournament.

Author:   Darren Latham
Web site: http:\\www.mpz.co.uk/ctfplus/
Version:  1.99 (2.00 beta)

Please use the following e-mail addresses
Bugs: 		2bbugs@lathamit.f9.co.uk
Suggestions:	2bideas@lathamit.f9.co.uk
Comments:	2bcomms@lathamit.f9.co.uk

Don't expect any replies before the 9th July.  I'll not be able to check my e-mails
until then as I am going to be working away from home.

Description
-----------
This modification is a GameType mod for UnrealTournament.  It has been tested on
version 4.20 of UnrealTournament, but was originally written using version 4.13.
The patch should work against earlier versions but this is not guaranteed.  The
GameType will show up as CTF+ in the list of game types supported.

This modification is provided completely as is.  The mod is still in its beta stage
so don't expect everything to work correctly.

You run this modification completely at your own risk.  I accept no liability
for loss or damage (to your equipment or sanity) due to the installation/use of
this game type modification.

Features and Options
--------------------
This mod can be used with all of the default CTF maps, and any of the CTF4 maps
in existence.  In addition to these maps, the mod will support up to four flags
on the map at any one time.  These flags can be owned by different teams.
Multiple flags for the same team is also supported.

The mod uses the following options:

Multiple Captures	If this option is checked then players will be allowed to
			carry more than one flag at a time - providing them with
			the opportunity to capture more than one flag at a time on
			maps which have more than two teams worth of flags.  This
			option has no effect on games with only two flags.

Team Captures		If this option is checked then a team must capture from all
			teams playing before being able to repeat a capture against
			a team.  e.g. If the Red, Blue, and Green teams are playing
			and the Red team captures the blue flag, the Red team must
			capture from the Green team before they can capture from the
			Blue team again.  Teams which cannot be captured against are
			indicated in the HUD by a cross within the flag.  This option
			has no effect in two team or single flag games.

No Extra Time		If this option is checked then there will be no "golden capture"
			if all teams have the same number of captures when the match
			time has expired.  Instead the winning team will be decided
			first by the highest number of points between the team members
			and then randomly (arf arf).

Single Flag Game	If this option is checked then there will only be a single flag
			on the map (apologies for the texture anyone want to supply me
			with a better one?).  Points are gained by holding the flag at
			your team's flag base (see Score Interval).  If the "Carry the
			Flag home" option is unchecked the flag will teleport between
			team bases when touched.  If the "Carry the flag home" option is
			checked then teams must carry the flag back to their home base.
			The flag can be deposited on the flag base by dropping it 
			(use the command or teleport) when standing on the empty flag
			base for your team.  If the map supports a single flag mode then
			the flag will always spawn at the designated spawn point.  If
			the map does not support the single flag mode then a team will
			be picked at random to start with the flag.

Carry the Flag Home	If this is checked then you will have to carry your flag home
			when it gets stolen.  If "Multiple Captures" is checked then
			you will be able to carry both your own flag and another team's
			flag.  If "Multiple Captures" is not enabled you will only be
			able to carry your own flag or an opposing team's flag.  In a
			Single Flag Game, check this to have to carry the flag back home
			rather than have it teleport between bases.  No points are awarded
			for depositing the flag home.

Score Interval		This is the amount of time in seconds between each point awarded
			to the following:
			A team in single flag mode when they have the flag at their home
			base.
			A player carrying a flag which does not belong to their team when
			"Give Carrier Points" is checked.
			Both the above conditions.

Give Carrier Points	Check this to allow a point to be awarded to anyone carrying an
			enemy fag every "Score Interval" seconds.


Notes To Mappers
----------------
1. You should only need to use the FlagBase class when adding flags to your maps.  The
   CTFPlusFlagBase class is now obsolete and has been included only for backwards
   compatability.
2. The teams must be added in the order 0, 1, 2, and 3 otherwise the spawn functions will
   break.
3. Many flags of the same team can be supported so you can build a map with 1 Red flag,
   2 Blue flags, and 1 Green flag if you so wished.
4. You are limited to 4 flags on one map.  This could be increased if enough people were
   interested in using it - but it does have bandwidth implications.
5. You can add support for single flag games by adding a FlagBase instance to your map
   with an Event Tag set to "single" (without the quotes).  If anyone thinks that this
   is the wrong property to use and knows of a better one (U-Ed is currently inaccesible
   to me as it GPFs on start up) then get in touch.

Known Issues and Bugs
---------------------
1. In single flag mode the bot AI is somewhat variable (actually its bust I think).  This
   will be fixed in the final version 2 code.
2. The single flag spawn point has not been tested for a while and may be broken.
3. I've not had time to test all combinations of all the options yet so you may get some
   strange results.  I would expect it to be largely stable though.
4. I'm sure there should be loads more I'm just to tired to think of them.
5. I really should get in touch with the author of the CTF4 mod to see if we can combine
   mods (or at least guarantee map compatbility) - however at the moment sleep is way
   way more important.

Credits
-------
To be filled in when 2.0 is released properly.  I'm to tired now and its 00:00 and
I've not had more than 4 hours sleep every night for the last 7 days and I've been
working 12 hour days and doing this in the evenings.  Why do I do this to myself?

Legal bit...
------------
You may freely distribute this archive, as long as it remains PERFECTLY intact, as
distributed on the "CTF Plus" home page:  "http://mpz.co.uk/ctfplus/"

If you wish to create a modification based upon the code contained within the
CTFPlus.u package then please contact me first.  If its a good idea I'll add your
changes to the main CTF Plus code base.

You may not sell, broadcast, or otherwise market this mod without permission.  You
may advertise this mod as much as you see fit.

