Map Title :  Psykosis Sector

Author    :  Walrus(ShaMaN) aka Tony Collins
             psykowalrus@eidosnet.co.uk
Release
Date      :  29 December 1999




Game Type :  Domination, Deathmatch and Team deathmatch.

             The default map file is labelled DOM-Psykosis.  To play
             in either Deathmatch game mode simply copy the map file,
             paste the copy back into your /maps folder and rename the
             copy DM-Psykosis.

Other
Files     :  An earlier version of this map featured some custom 
             textures.  They are not in this version, but UnrealED makes
             it well on impossible to remove the record of their use in
             a map - so I've had to include 2 small .utx files which
             you should paste into your /textures folder.
             Also, one of my favourite music tracks from Unreal provides
             a pumping backround for the action - paste the .umx file
             into your /music folder.

Description :  Hard-hitting action in an urban setting with both indoor
               and outdoor areas.  A network of catwalks is suspended
               above the main outdoor square linking buildings and
               rooftops.  There is plenty of scope for strategy in the
               map with some good sniper spots, shadowy lighting, tight
               indoor killing zones and 2 (yes, 2) Redeemers.  Neither
               of them is easy to get to but they provide team players
               with an invaluable tool to clear out well defended spots
               before your teammates move in.
               
Ideal Loads :  In DOMination games, 2 teams of 4 or 5 are good but do yourself 
               a favour and play with 9 players spread over 3 teams for
               a dose of total carnage.
               Deathmatches are good for anywhere between 3 and 8 
               players.  Team DM play suits 3-5 players per team.

Shouts !       All my superb colleagues in the ShaMaN UT Clan, in
               particular Shadrach(ShaMaN) for the great playtesting !
               (Don't worry mate, I've left the ASMD's in there !)
               Also a shout to YOU for trying this map out - mail me 
               some feedback please !