AS-Abasery  
Author: 	David "Integer" Veld 
  
File name: 	Abase.zip 
  	
Release date: 	7-7-2000 
  
File contents: 	AS-Abasery.unr
		Abasetx.utx
		AS-Abasery.html
		AS-Abasery.txt(this file) 
  
Email Adress : 	andav@hetnet.nl 
  
Home page: 	www.davidveld.net
  
constuction time: about two month.... 
  
known bugs: 	Tiny HOMM. 

Objectives 
Main objective is to destroy the enemy base. Why you ask?
You are a member of a large underground army called: 'The Dozens Army of Ten'. 
This organization has bases all over the world and has all kind of weapons available, 
but the US army has set up a small operation in order to locate all the bases and 
destroy them. The map where all the locations of the bases are printed on hangs 
in a bunker somewhere in the Rocky Mountains. 
You and your theme must breach the base and destroy the base and the map with it. 
Of course you can't do this without help from the organization. 
You must send the coordinates of the bunker to the artillery located somewhere in the north.
 After that a helicopter will come and pick you up. 
After that the artillery will finish the job. 

Notes.
Making a map on a P. 200 MMX is a hard job -After testing my map for the hundredth time, 
finding a little bug, fixing it in UnrealED 2.0, rebuilding it in 6 minutes- 
takes a lot of time. Spending more time on UnrealED than at homework lets me think of 
stopping with this waste of time... But once your map is completed you really look forward 
to the next one that will be bigger and better than the previous one!
And so shall it be....  

Installation 
Unzip AS-Abasery.unr (and the readme file) in your unrealtournament\maps folder.
Unzip the Abasetx.utx in your Unrealtournament\textures folder.

Copyright / Permissions
-----------------------
This level and html document is copyrighted by David "Integer" Veld 2000.
Authors may NOT use this level as a base to build additional levels. 
You are NOT allowed to commercially exploit this level, i.e. put it on a CD
or any other electronic medium that is sold for money without my explicit
permission! 

You MAY distribute this level through any electronic network (Internet,
FIDO, local BBS etc.), provided you include this file and leave the archive
intact. 

----------------------
UNREAL TOURNAMENT (c) 2000 Epic Megagames, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved. Distributed by GT Interactive Software, Inc. under license. 
UNREAL TOURNAMENT and the UNREAL TOURNAMENT logo are registered trademarks 
of Epic Megagames, Inc. All other trademarks and trade names are properties of their 
respective owners. 
 

